# Team 8: Cre8tors Meeting
**Meeting Type:** TA Meeting  
**Time:** 04/18/2022 16:00-16:20  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Attendance:**
- [x] Calvin Chen
- [x] Chad Wall
- [x] Dzhangir Bayandarov
- [ ] Fenghao Yang
- [ ] Jaime Izabal
- [x] James Larsen
- [x] Kaiwen Tsou
- [x] Lars Vlahakis
- [ ] Sohum Modha
- [ ] Zhuoliang Pu
# Action Items
* Everyone:
  * Finish evaluating the repo you were assigned. Bes sure to fill everything out. **DUE 04/19 @ 04:00PM**
  * Choose the top two repositories and create the slides evaluating the top two. **DUE 04/21 @ 11:59 PM**
  * Task 3: Get the new repo set up
    * Clone/Fork over the past project repo and make all the members owners of the new repository.
    * Go over each of the roles concerning the project and have people choose their roles.
    * Get the repo up and running on each person's computer.
    * **DUE 04/26 @ 04:00 PM**
  * Don't forget that starting tonight (04/18), there will be daily standups.
    * The asynchronous slack bot is **mandatory** and will be happening at **09:30 PM**
    * The synchronous standup will be on zoom at **04:50 PM**.
# Notes
* Priyanka will issue possible roles
* Repo evaluations should be named and should be congregated. Send the data to Priyanka if there is no response by TAs on a submission on Canvas.
* By Thursday we will have 1 final project.
* Setting up the project on everyone's machine by next week Tuesday (4/26).
* Clone repo and have a separate GitHub created where it is just the 10 members as the owner.
* Start having a sprint schedule.
* Determine where on the project we begin work on and why work on that area?
  * What is the first thing we would like to do? 
  * Make a 1 slide presentation on what the project currently is and why we are focusing on what. 
  * There will be a presentation in class with these slides from all groups.
  * Understand other teams and what they are doing. After hearing that presentation we can start thinking along similar lines. Next Tuesday is when this is planned. 
* Make sure all team members have the code set up. 
* Make sure everyone has a role and knows what they're doing on the project by next week Tuesday. 
* Just in case the final project is from Professor Gary or Griswold (no pipeline), we need to start thinking about how to set up a pipeline for that project. 
* Starting today, there will be daily stand-up asynchronous meetings with the Slackbot. What are we working on and what will be doing next? Any Roadblocks?
* Set up incident report documents. 
  * Note down all the issues that happened during the meeting. 
  * What was the solution to the problem? 
  * One document where we kept on appending issues. 