# Team 8: Cre8tors Agenda and Meeting Minutes

Note- currently we are going to try putting meeting agendas and post-meeting Meeting Minutes on the same file.

## Details
**Meeting Type:** Zoom Retrospective and Extra meeting.

**Time/Date** 04/23/2022 2-4PM  

**Location:** [ZOOM](https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7331475769)  

## Announcements Recap
* We are currently moving forward with Chad's repo. Our shared version of the repo will come out soon.
* Everyone has been assigned a preliminary role. Chad will have made an announcement for the roles. Roles are subject to change.

## Things to be done before the Meeting
1. **Check the repo-decision slides if you haven't already.** Linked [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1q6xkxOygjynK6JXqOmZLA0tpm1hs1TOMR2x2ivcG5Mw/edit#slide=id.g1222907be09_0_150), if you are strapped for time just make sure you check the last few slides. 
2. Everyone should look through project, both its repo and its end product ([link here](https://github.com/Zihaokong/cse110-w21-group27)). 
    * Go over the diagrams, documentation, and dig into the code if you have time. 
    * Look at the *user stories and personas*. We will be discussing who *our* userbase/customers will theoretically be. (We are not beholden to the existing user stories/personas/userbase).
3. Do some domain research. If you don't know anything about pomodoro timers or the Pomodoro technique, [check this out.](https://todoist.com/productivity-methods/pomodoro-technique)
4. Do some market research. [This listicle details our competition.](https://zapier.com/blog/best-pomodoro-apps/) #1 on that list is essentially what everyone else would probably be making. 
5. **Think about what kind of pomo app you would want to make**: 
    * Is there anything about a pomo-timer that would make you excited to work on it? Any specific features?
    * Do you want to work on anything in terms of tech? i.e. making the pomo a Chrome/Firefox extension, an ElectronJS app, etc?
    * We'll also need to consider at least these **two axes**:
      * How noticable is the app (is it in the background or does it always call your attention/be in focus? Is there a lot of overhead?)
      * How customizable is it? (are there a million options, or are users restricted to using it as we explicitly designed?)
      * If you can think of any other meaningful values/axes like these, please note them before or during the meeting
    * If you have a vision for what the app could end up being, please flesh out that idea (i.e. **a pitch**) and bring it to the meeting. **You can also make a pitch for any other repo you want.**

## Agenda
0. **Check who needs to leave early.** Also, check who would be down to play Just Act Natural via quick Zoom hand-raise.
1. **Discuss the roles given out.** If there are any concerns, we will hash those out. These role assignments are not necessarily permanent nor rigid. 
2. **Hear out any pitches**. If anyone would like to pitch an idea for where to take the app, we'll hear it!
3. **Agree on our values**. Basically, we'll be deciding where our app should land on the **two axes** listed above. 
4. **Find a niche for the product.** Who would be using our app, and why?
    * We don't have to actually make a brilliant product that will attract venture capital, but we should have some sort of vision for who the product is serving, and why they would be using our app (avoid comparing our app to others' for the sake of this project). This is just so that we make consistent, reasoned design decisions rather than WAGing.
5. **Develop a vision and roadmap for the app**. We have some non-negotiable work (testing, refactor, UI), but we can still decide on extra features, the overall direction and style of the app. These features will be based on the values and niche we discussed.

    * Note- **We should spend no more than 80 minutes of the meeting**  on items 3-5.

6. **Retrospective *(30 minutes)***. 
    * What went well, what could go better, what should we do moving forward? 
    * **Bring notes** on anything you want to bring up during the meeting. 
    * If you don't want to bring something up during the meeting, **feel free to reach out to any of us individually**. 
7. **Just Act Natural**. If we have time, we can try playing this as a group to wind-down. 

## Meeting Minutes/Notes

Meeting date: 4/23
MM Taker: Kaiwen

### In Attendance:

- [ ] Calvin Chen
- [x] Chad Wall
- [x] Dzhangir Bayandarov
- [x] Fenghao Yang
- [x] Jaime Izabal
- [x] James Larsen
- [x] Kaiwen Tsou
- [x] Lars Vlahakis
- [ ] Sohum Modha
- [x] Zhuoliang Pu

### Agenda Item Notes

1. Roles
-   Switched Lars and Kaiwen for planner (Kaiwen is now planner)
2. Pitches
-   Kaiwen's pitch (high overhead, tutorial driven pomo timer)
-   James- Pitched for accessibility, mobile responsive design, and keyboard controls
-   Lars- Pitched for a lower friction design, allow users to choose times.
-   Dzhangir- Pitched reponsive design, simple UI (i.e. pomodor), dark and light mode, used Forest as an example of something we could emulate
-   Sohum- Pitched for a note-taker feature. i.e. You have a distraction, you click the distraction button, write down the distraction in a text box, and it gets saved for after the pomo. 
-   Chad- Many miscellaneous improvements to the current site based on qualitative research
-   Fenghao-    Pitched for possible backend
3. Values
-   Lars- Pro flexibility and hiddenness
    - Be able to change things like time, numebr of sessions, breaks. AND Change how much is displayed
-   James- Brought up how ambitious as a team we should be
    - James prefers for the class to be a moderate amount of work, not an extreme amount of work/extremely ambitious.
    - James also says that he'd be more willing to commit significant time if the tasks became well defined
    - Dzhangir brought up that, per UCSD standards, we're technically expected to work about 8 hours a week for this class. Minus discussions/meetings, we don't have that much time per person per week.
    - Zhuoliang can't really commit to 90 minutes daily, which is what Dzhangir suggested

    - We seem to be roughly okay with being ambitious in the sense of- we might make a chrome extension, and it might be crappy, but we'll try and we will learn.

    - Another element of risk James is bringing up is whether or not we're familiar with this stuff. i.e. if we go for the extension, is there a way we could do it in which we make sure we also we ship something and meet some milestones, or would we completely be screwed if we tried to do a chrome extension? Zhuoliang is agreeing that we should try to meet early milestones, not really working on the chrome extension, then we could later consider porting to the chrome extension. 

    - Chrome extension rabbit holes: Pipeline/deployment, new page for the extension, need to reformat a lot, need everyone to read documentation and learn

    - Preliminary decision- we start with refinement of the app, and do what we can to keep the potential for extending to chrome app. 

4. Niche
    - Skipped
5. Roadmap
    - Skipped
6. Retro
    a. Names are not attached for anonymity 
    - Slack needs to be more organized (I'm working on it now)
    - People are meeting and not slacking, which is good
    - We have people that try to keep the meetings running smoothly
    - Less meetings might be appropriate 

## MAJOR DECISIONS
- Sohum will tentatively be a dev/tester, he will spend the week learning some JS.
- Our initial plan for the repo will be to refine the current app as much as we can, and then later if possible port it to a chrome extension. 

## ACTION ITEMS

- Team leads will have a meeting Sunday 4-5 to do initial sprint planning 
- James might have a slack tutorial