# Team 8: Cre8tors Agenda and Meeting Minutes

## Details
**Meeting Type:** General Meeting

**Time/Date:** 04/26/2022 11-11:30AM  

**Location:** [ZOOM](https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7331475769)   

**Note Taker:** MM Taker: Chad

### In Attendance:
- [ ] Calvin Chen
- [ ] Chad Wall
- [ ] Dzhangir Bayandarov
- [ ] Fenghao Yang
- [ ] Jaime Izabal
- [ ] James Larsen
- [ ] Kaiwen Tsou
- [ ] Lars Vlahakisa
- [ ] Sohum Modha
- [ ] Zhuoliang Pu

## Agenda
1. **Presentation on Tuesday:** There is going to be a presentation on Tuesday going over the [phase 2 project evaluation slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1q6xkxOygjynK6JXqOmZLA0tpm1hs1TOMR2x2ivcG5Mw/edit?usp=sharing) which we made.
    * We need one person per section (five in total)
    * Notes from TA Meeting:
        * we were selected for tomorrow's presentation
        * We will present the slides we submitted
        * We can determine how the presentation goes, but make sure that all the thoughts we want are thouroughly brought up.
        * No strict timeline, 5-8 minutes.
        * Most likely **wont** need to renovate the slides.
    * Who is presenting what slides?
        * **Overview** - Chad Wall
        * **Code Scrutiny** - Jaime Izabal
        * **Testing Scrutiny** - Chad Wall
        * **Making Edits to Code/ Code Changes** - Lars Vlahakis 
        * **Conclusions/ Weighing** - Dzhangir Bayandarov
    * By choosing a section, you must go over each slide that section has and be able to summarize the points given.
2. **Clarification on Tasks**
    * An issues system should be functional by Wednesday afternoon and will initially be bare bones and straight forward.
    * A Github Projects board will also be created by Wednesday afternoon and will essentially act a SCRUM board for members to place down issues.
    * Possibly we should work on user stories to get a better idea of who we are building this project for but this isn't a major priority since we can inherit the user stories from the old repo.
    * Getting Started with your assignment
        * Try and meet up with the person/people who share a task with you
            * HTML/CSS Renovations (Main Page) & JS Refacotirng (Task System)
                * **Fenghao Yang** and **Calvin Chen**
            * HTML/CSS Renovations (Timer Page) & JS Refacotirng (Timer System)
                * **Lars Vlahakis** and **Zhuoliang Pu**
            * HTML/CSS Renovations (Stats Page)
                * **Sohum Modha** and **Jaime Izabal**
            * Tutorialization
                * **Kaiwen Tsou** (Spearhead), **James Larsen**, and **Chad Wall**
            * Chrome Extension Research
                * **Dzhangir Bayandarov** and **Jaime Izabal**
            * CI/CD Pipeline
                * **Sohum Modha** and **Chad Wall**
            * UI Redesign
                * **Kaiwen Tsou**, **James Larsen** (Spearhead), and **Dzhangir Bayandarov**
            * Note that for refactoring HTML/CSS, it was split into Main, Timer and Stats pages, so it would probably be good enough to message eachother if you arnt working on the same page, but if you are working on the same page, be sure to get in close contact with who you were assigned with.
            * The same goes for the Timer and Tasklist sections. However, if you are working on the Timer Page, you are also working on the Timer System, and if you are working on the Main Page you're also working on the Task list system, so it should be the same person.
        * Easing into your assigned role is probably the best first step.
            * For **CI/CD pipeline** that means lookking at the old repo and seeing how their CI/CD pipeline ticked, finding ineffeiciencies and useless aspects or thinking of new systems to add to the pipeline to make it better.
            * For **HTML/CSS renovations** and **JS refactoring** that means exploring the old codebase and trying to piece together how it functions. Possibly also running the HTML and CSS through a verifier to get a more concrete read of what is wrong.
            * For **tutorialization** and **google chrome extensions** that means doing some research into your respective domain. What makes a good tutorial/extension, what should we plan for in the coming days/weeks to actualize these implementations?
            * For **UI redesign** that means looking at the old wireframes/high fieldity models and re-imagining them to be more aligned with the values we want.
                * We will 
        * **BE SURE TO SET UP THE REPO ASAP**
            * It being set up means you can run [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) on the repo and have the website running on your localhost.
            * We will be using VSCode since that seems to be the best code editing tool to use
                * To this end, we will also be using Live Server and possibly other extensions, but that will be discussed later on when the pipeline is more fleshed out.
## Meeting Minutes/Notes
Meeting date: 4/26
MM Taker: TBA

### Meeting Notes
