# Team 8: Cre8tors Agenda and Meeting Minutes

## Details
**Meeting Type:** TA Meeting

**Time/Date:** 05/16/2022 4-4:30PM  

**Location:** [ZOOM](https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/priyankabhatia)  

**Note Taker:** MM Taker: Chad

### Notes
* Midterm Grading should be finished by tomorrow
  * We will need to both submit our physical copy of the exam graded as well as
    submit our grading on the google form.
* We will be receiving feedback from group 3 next week and likewise we will be
  providing feedback to group 13 on their codebase.
  * We are currently unsure if we need to only provide feed back to 13 and
    receive from 3, or if we will be providing and receiving from both teams.
  * We will need to implement at least one of the improvements posed by the team
    * This is to simulate that we as engineers should be able to accomodate the
      user's needs in our workflow.
* Our presentation will be on Thursday and will go over what progess we have 
  made so far in our development
  * This video should emphasize our product changes as well as how we went about
    making our changes.
  * Should be 5 minutes at the most.