# Team 8: Cre8tors Agenda and Meeting Minutes

## Details
**Meeting Type:** TA Meeting

**Time/Date:** 05/16/2022 4-4:30PM  

**Location:** [ZOOM](https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/priyankabhatia)  

**Note Taker:** MM Taker: Chad

### Notes
* NOTE: The original documents were not saved and lost on accident. The
following is a recollection of what occured.
* We went over two major things: the frenemies interaction and the week 10
  presentation
* The frenemies interaction
  * The frenemies interactions prompt noted we will be meeting up with group 13
    for them to interact with our project from a user and developer standpoint.
  * In terms of user feedback, we need to appoint one person from group 13 to
    go over our project from a user perspective. They will provide feedback and
    give us constructive feedback.
    * Note that we cannot be interactive in this phase
  * In the developer feedback, we need to appoint one person from group 13 to
    go over our project from a developer perspective. They will provide feedback
    as a developer from all aspects of our project, from the product itself to
    the repo.
    * Note that we can be interactive in this phase.
  * Once we captured all this information, we need to create a document which
  compartmentalizes everything brought up by both people. We must then create
  at least one issue to fix which was brought up by the team.
* The presentation
  * Next week we will need to create a quick presentation to go over the
    progress we've had so far and how close we are to 1.0.