# Team 8: Cre8tors Agenda and Meeting Minutes

## Details
**Meeting Type:** Retrospective

**Time/Date:** 05/21/2022 03:00-04:00  

**Location:** Geisel Room 1040

**Note Taker:** MM Taker: Chad

### In Attendance:
- [ ] Calvin Chen
- [x] Chad Wall
- [x] Dzhangir Bayandarov
- [x] Fenghao Yang
- [x] Jaime Izabal
- [x] James Larsen
- [ ] Kaiwen Tsou
- [x] Lars Vlahakis
- [x] Sohum Modha
- [ ] Zhuoliang Pu

### Notes
* Subteam issues
  * Comments
    * Started communicating with team mate too late in week, should have started earlier
    * The sub teams are very siloed. Hard to know what other people are doing. Easy to accidentally duplicate work.
    * Wasn't sure what who was doing what in subteam.
  * Discussion on Comments
    * Meeting with team early in the week works well. When that doens't happen, things are more challenging.
    * Reimplement early week sub team meeting
    * Make sure that everyone on the sub team can join their meetings
* Communication Issues
  * Comments
    * Communicating over slack is a little difficult. I'm not sure about pinging etiquette, but I have also sent messages that nobody has responded to.
    * Midterm blockers, lack of communication
    * I was confused about some intentions of an issue I was working on. It was on more for starting so late in the week though.
  * Discussion on Comments
    * Hard to communicate things (Issues) in writing. Would be helpful to discuss issues when they're assigned.
    * Clarifications in meetings would help
    * Maybe person who made the issue can join the sub team meeting related to their issue.
    * Another option would be to generate a a list of confusion points at the sub team meeting and send them tot he issue creator?
    * After the sprint and issues are released on Subday. On Monday the meetings would happen after the meeting on Monday.
    * Be careful about having too much in DMs? But not pinged in sub team channels? Alternative could be to use @Someone to ping them while having it in the channel.
    * Maybe having ADRs or other documented formats would be more useful than having info in DMs?
    * Update sprint goals after subteam meetings. Have clarification then.
    * Using @people more in sub team channel s, and also maybe making more ADRs and such.
* Time Issues
  * Comments
    * Spotty meeting attendance/stand up responses
    * We don't have time to reflect on the week's progress/prepare for the next sprint, makes it hard to collaborate.
    * A lot of external circumstance sseem to be affecting the work flow and goals we set up fot the sprint.
  * Discussion
    * Preparing for next sprint is tentativly addressed by formalized sub team meetings
    * Not much control over external circumstances but could always communicate them better. Being honest about everyone's time schedules.
    * Sub team meetings could be best time to bring up time contraints for the week, to help divide tasks and plan accordingly.
    * Sub team meetings could be best time to bring up time constraints for the week, to help divide taks and plan accordingly.
* Progress Success
  * Comments
    * We have a clear set of goals we need to achieve for the 1.0
    * We're getting stuff done
    * The task lists and issues are helping me to keep track of work.
  * Discussion
    * A lot more branches are being made and are being updated. Continual progress is better thana  burst at the end of a sprint.
    * The presentation video helped remind me of how much we've already done
    * Not everyone's clear on the set of goals for the 1.0. Not sure what our roadmap is
    * End goals:
      * Week 9:
        * Analytics
        * Better UI/Brandin
        * Web-Components
        * Testing
        * Settings
      * Week 10:
        * Electron App
        * More Testing
        * Polish
* Subteam Success
  * Comments
    * Everyone seems to work well together
    * Meeting up with my teammate in person helped a lot
    * Sub teams seems to help with getting things done
  * Discussion
    * Notion of a sub team system seems beneficial
* Animation Videos
  * Comments
    * We have great animations on our videos
* Professor & TA
  * Comments
    * We're communicating with the professor and TA.
  * Discussion
    * Met with Priyanka and Professor on Wenesday. That influenced the plan for week 9 and 10. Helped Solidify 1.0 vision
    * Open ended tasks in previous sprints. Want to include the why as well as the what.